feat(readme): Improve README (#343)
across-protocol/relayer: README.md

# run test suite
yarn test

# apply stylistic changes (e.g. eslint and prettier)
yarn lint-fix

# (for developers) continuously watch for changes and rebuild TS files as required

> yarn watch

Reviewer: This isn't required for installation, and any users who are not familiar with the npm package workflow will probably think they need to run it.

What do you think about relocating it under a "Developers" section? Or attaching it to the Contributing section?

Author: Good point let's just remove it and move to contributing

```

> # Integration tests

Reviewer: Presume that this is intended for developers/contributors, rather than users?

Author: Good point, i've reorganized a bit and now have the following sections:

- How to run a relayer
- Community
- License
- Developers

> You can conveniently run the dataworker, relayer, and finalizer functions via the hardhat task `integration-tests` which sets safe configurations like `PROPOSER_ENABLED=false` and prevents the user from accidentally sending an on-chain transaction. The test will complete successfully if no functions throw an error, which can be used as an additional source of confidence (in addition to the unit tests) that code has not broken the production bots.

Reviewer: Should we add a brief section (or refer off somewhere else) describing each of the dataworker, relayer and finalizer functions?

Author: Good point, linked to docsite

```sh
# Run with gckms keys

> LOG_IN_TEST=true yarn hardhat integration-tests --wallet gckms --keys bot2

Reviewer: Consider removing the part about gckms until we have a proper description about how to use it?

Author: Great idea

REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379
```

# How to run a Relayer

Check out [this guide](https://docs.across.to/v2/developers/running-a-relayer) for detailed bot instructions!

# Community 

General discussion happens most frequently on the [Across discord](https://discord.com/invite/across).

# Contributing

Read through [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for a general overview of our contribution process. These guidelines are shared between the UMA and Across codebases because they were built originally by the same teams. 

# Bug Bounty

Here's the official Across [bug bounty program](https://docs.across.to/v2/miscellaneous/bug-bounty).

# Branching Model

## Active Branches

| Branch          | Status                                                                           |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [master](https://github.com/across-protocol/relayer-v2/tree/master)                   | Accepts PRs from `develop` when we intend to deploy to mainnet.                                      |

> | [develop](https://github.com/across-protocol/relayer-v2/tree/develop)                 | Accepts PRs that are compatible with `master` OR from `release/X.X.X` branches.                    |

Reviewer 2: What's the purpose of develop and master _when we have github releases_? Don't they kind of do the same thing?

The develop/master flow:
1. Create PR to merge develop into master.
2. Create release x.y.z. Tag x.y.z is created that always points to the commit in 1.
3. Do some more work on develop.
4. Go to 1.

The flow without develop:
1. Do work on master.
2. Create release x.y.z when ready to "release" this work. This release will create tag x.y.z which will always point to this commit.

The latter is simpler, so I would lean towards that unless we have a reason to prefer having a develop branch that is distinct from master.

Author: Yeah I think we should just do work on master, i'll reduce this language a bit

| release/X.X.X                                                                          | Accepts PRs for all changes, particularly those not backwards compatible with `develop` and `master`. |

## Overview

We generally follow [this Git branching model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).

> Please read the linked post if you're planning to make frequent PRs into this repository (e.g., people working at/with UMA).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please read the linked post if you're planning to make frequent PRs into this repository (e.g., people working at/with Risk Labs).
```

Author: removed this line

# Release Process

Merge all features into `master` that you want to include in the new release. We use GitHub's native release feature to manually trigger releases, follow [this documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository) for more information.

When selecting a tag, select "Create a new tag: on publish" to have GitHub default to a tag, and set the "target" to `master`.

We use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for naming releases and we aim to publish `major` and `minor` releases very rarely (and with very detailed notes).

## NPM

`.github/workflows/publish.yml` will automatically publish a new `NPM` package whenever a GitHub release is made. This will not happen for pre-releases.

## Pre-releases

We publish pre-releases to signal to users about potential releases that are risky to use in production setups.

## Documenting changes

Every merged PR into `master` should be following the [conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) format, as documented in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

# License

> All files within this repository are licensed under the [TODO](TODO) unless stated otherwise.

Reviewer: This contradicts our package.json:

`"license": "AGPL-3.0",`

Author: Added a link to the `LICENSE` file actually, forgot that was there
